The game has started.
I am a master of the game.
I can't get the courage of the other party.
There is no hope for the other party.
I don't have enough money.
I don't know what to do.
I can't get the money.
I can't get the courage of the other party.
I don't have a good salary.
I can't buy a drink.
I can't get a drink.
I don't have any respect for my motherland.
I can't do everything.
I'm not a good friend.
I can't help it even if I drop it.
I can't help it even if I steal it.
I'm not a useless person.
I have no shame in the world.
I have no place to hide from the world.
I have no strength to fight the world.
I have no punishment for the people who are destroyed.
I have no place to go to the world.
I'm not a useless person.
I've never seen the light.
I can't help it even if I drop it.
I don't know if I can do it.
I can't help it even if I do it.
I'm not a useless person.
I have no shame in the world.
I have no place to go to the world.
I don't know if I can do it.
I'm not a useless person.
I have no strength to fight the world.
I have no place to go to the world.
I can't help it even if I steal it.
I don't know if I can do it.